# Cromwell Pipelines

Cromwell pipelines for human genetic data.

## License

Copyright &copy; 2019 Genome Research Limited

This program is free software: you can redistribute it and/or modify it
under the terms of the GNU General Public License as published by the
Free Software Foundation, either version 3 of the License, or (at your
option) any later version.

This program is distributed in the hope that it will be useful, but
*without any warranty*; without even the implied warranty of
*merchantability* or *fitness for a particular purpose*. See the GNU
General Public License for more details.

You should have received a copy of the GNU General Public License along
with this program. If not, see https://www.gnu.org/licenses/.

---

Portions of these pipelines have been adapted from those developed by
the Broad Institute, as marked. These were originally distributed under
the 3-Clause BSD license.

Copyright &copy; 2019 Broad Institute

Redistribution and use in source and binary forms, with or without
modification, are permitted provided that the following conditions are
met:

1. Redistributions of source code must retain the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer.

2. Redistributions in binary form must reproduce the above copyright
   notice, this list of conditions and the following disclaimer in the
   documentation and/or other materials provided with the distribution.

3. Neither the name of the copyright holder nor the names of its
   contributors may be used to endorse or promote products derived from
   this software without specific prior written permission.

*This software is provided by the copyright holders and contributors "as
is" and any express or implied warranties, including, but not limited
to, the implied warranties of merchantability and fitness for a
particular purpose are disclaimed. In no event shall the copyright
holder or contributors be liable for any direct, indirect, incidental,
special, exemplary, or consequential damages (including, but not limited
to, procurement of substitute goods or services; loss of use, data, or
profits; or business interruption) however caused and on any theory of
liability, whether in contract, strict liability, or tort (including
negligence or otherwise) arising in any way out of the use of this
software, even if advised of the possibility of such damage.*
